Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to start designing the profile screen.
Okay?
Now, over this views directory, we are going to create a new file and we're going to call this file
profile on the score screen.
And then the extension is the dots.
And what we can do, we can use control and beat to make this wide.
In the future, we are going to be able to update the UI.
So we're going to need to go with a stateful widget and over the profile screen.
And now we have to alight and use control and dot in order to impart the material to that package.
Now, instead of returning a container, we're going to return a scaffold in order to have access to
lots of properties.
Scaffold.
And as you know, the scaffold has a property known as body.
And for the body we can use this which is not seen before, which is known as custom.
Scroll view.
This is similar to that of the single child scroll view.
What you're basically saying is we want to be able to scroll this page.
Now the custom scroll view has a property known as Sivas, which is a list.
Okay.
And now the first thing we're going to need to do is to have an high bar.
Since we're using this custom scroll view, the high bar is not going to be this type of bar, which
we know is going to be something known as savers.
Hub bar.
Okay.
And what we can do is control.
Let's save this file and we're going to need to go to the customer home screen.
And instead of this sensor, we can get rid of this and use that screen.
We just created a profile screen and had you turn the camera and now we have to hold restart this.
Okay.
We have to wait for the process.
They performing or to start?
Well it's we started and we have to go to I think it has to also start this app profile screen and you
can see to where but you can see we have this status bar.
We can get rid of that.
In order to do that, we have to go to the main to that file and before the material have.
That is, we send the widget viewed.
It has a property known as system.
Chrome.
Then we can then say sets.
Over.
Set system UI over this time.
This is going to be system.
Over.
I think hopefully I've forgotten this.
System.
Over this time system, you are the same system you are over this time, and we're going to set the
starters by color.
This is going to be colors, dots.
The Transparent OC had the chain of command.
This is what we are basically trying to get rid of.
Hopefully you can see this.
OC what we start.
So not still a sense, but transparent.
Trust parent.
Okay.
Probably you can use red in order to see that.
More like we can just get to have to start.
Okay.
Or we start.
Sorry.
And you're not going to see that again.
Because it's still currently and we have to how to start this.
Okay.
It's going right and go check for.
You can no longer see this.
Okay.
Back to the profile screen.
What's in the Silver Harbor.
We can specify the height of the harbor.
We can say this is way too short and we want to increase it.
Remember how high it has.
Remember, height has to do with how long it's going to be.
Okay, so now the Silver Harbor has a property known as expanded height.
What we can do, we can set this to 140.
Okay.
Okay, great.
And now we can then continue.
Over here, we're going to have a test which is going to say accounts.
So to do that, the Silver Harbor has a property known as flexible space.
And since we're going to return basically a test, this is going to be a layout builder.
The layout view that takes in something known as builder and as you know, the builder will always take
in context.
And it's going to take in an additional capacity, which is known as constraints and which has to do
with heights.
Course strings.
Okay.
Then we can then return.
We tried something known as flexible.
Flexible.
Spacebar.
Okay, flexible spacebar.
Okay.
And now we can have a test and not to have that.
We're going to have the title.
Remember, this is more like an apple, but in a different dimension.
Okay.
Now therefore the title.
What we want is if the user.
Is if the user as screw that is being able to scroll this way, the test is going to show off.
Then if the user scroll below, it's going to get disappeared.
Not to do that, we're going to use a widget which is known as and the.
Animated.
Opacity.
And you can see this text in some few arguments.
It takes in the opacity and for the opacity.
Or we can say we can have a check.
We can then say constraints.
This constraints will just pass in the constraints dot biggest.
Biggest, if it is.
Lesser done.
So don't hide.
And now we can say if it is lesser done.
Once we see, then we want to show it.
So, Bahar, then one over here.
Else.
We do not want to show it anymore.
You're going to see this in action or fortunately, we are not going to be able to scroll for Android
because in order for us to scroll, we need to have multiple widgets over here.
But since we do not have, we won't be able to scroll this page currently.
But if you are on highways, I think you should be able to scroll this page right now.
Okay.
But in Android, once we start having multiple widgets, definitely we are going to be able to scroll
this page and you're going to see what I'm trying to say.
Okay.
So you just have to wait.
And we can add some animation over here.
So this is going to be duration.
And it's going to be milliseconds.
That is how fast we want it to go off or how fast or how fast we want it to be displayed.
Okay.
And.
This is milliseconds.
We can set this to maybe 200.
Okay.
I think we need.
This way.
And finally.
The animated opacity.
Okay.
We can just have the comma.
The animated app Opacity has a property known as child.
That is, this child will basically say, we want to animate this test.
I think we could have just get rid of this and use it test.
Which way you can see since.
Good, right.
I think it's nice here.
We could have just get rid of.
Get rid of this and just go ahead and use a test of what we want to be able to animate the test.
You're just going to see why we are doing this animation animated opacity variation.
Okay, so you just have to keep your heads crossed like a test is going to be our count.
Okay.
How'd you come out?
Like I said, you're not going to see this in Android currently because this page is not yet scrollable,
but for hours you should be able to see this right when you scroll.
Okay, great.
And we can change the background color of this amber in order to do that.
Outside this animated opacity within the flexible space bar, it's as a property.
So as a property known as background.
And for the background it can take in a widget which is a container, and we can then have a decoration,
a box decoration.
Okay.
And.
We can then have gradients.
This is going to be linear.
That's how multiple colors.
Lena.
As Billy.
Linear gradients.
Because I can spell linear.
Okay.
Linear gradients.
And this is going to take a list of colors.
Okay.
For the first color we can say it is going to be color starts cyan and the second color is going to
be colors dot black.
But you can just have any of the color you desire.
To use control and save and.
You're going to see it now.
Okay.
Now let's make this more cleaner.
We can get rid of that default color.
Now we send the silver.
Bar.
It has the green color and we can change these two colours dot white.
He's trying to save.
Okay.
And as well, we can't get rid of the elevation.
We can set it to zero.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
Now, like I said, you're not going to be able to see this account yet, since we are not yet able
to scroll for it.
The reason we are not able to scroll is because we need multiple widget in order to make this create
scrollable.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.